---
layout:     post
title:      OJET学习
subtitle:   ojRouter and ojModule
date:       2017-09-22
author:     MK
header-img: img/post-bg-hacker.jpg
catalog: true
tags:
    - OJET
    - JS
---
### 1.ojRouter and ojModule
  This web navigation drawer template is provided as an example of how to configure
  a JET web application with a navigation drawer as a single page application
  using ojRouter and ojModule.  It contains the Oracle JET framework and a default
  requireJS configuration file to show how JET can be setup in a common application.
  This project template can be used in conjunction with demo code from the JET
  website to test JET component behavior and interactions.

### Using RequireJS for Modular Development
### Single-page applications (SPAs) 
 - oj.Router class for virtual navigation in the page, the ojModule binding for 
managing view templates and viewModel scripts, and Knockout for separating the 
model layer from the view layer and managing the binding between them.
 - The router comes with two URL adapters. Each adapter defines how the URL is formatted to represent the application state:
(1)urlPathAdapter formats the URL in path segments. Each segment is the possessive router’s current state id separated by a '/' like /customers.
(2)urlParamAdapter formats the URL using query parameters. Each parameter is the router name and its current state id like ?root=customers.
 - When routing a single-page application, the page doesn't reload from scratch but the content of the page changes dynamically.

